---
layout: post
title:  "Week Six - Demos Galore!"
date:   2019-12-13
icon: fa-code
categories: progress-update
---

Week six has passed and we've made some great process! We've finished setting-up all possible letters and numbers on the display, we've developed a marquee for the text, and we've created 4 main demos, with a fifth on the way!<br/><br/> We've still run into a few problems however, mostly due to our limited hardware. Serial is proving to be a bit of a pain to send data over, so we've had to take a couple of losses in terms of demos due to this. As well, may have to cut straight image conversion, as we're finding it very difficult to create version close to the original due to the RPM we have to spin the fan at. Because we have to spin the fan slow (which is a limitation due to our slip ring) the images we're creating are becoming more stretched-out towards the outer rim of the fan, and it's resulting in the display showing an image that isn't all too similar to the original...<br/><br/> But we press on! We've made some pretty unique demos, and we're proud to show them off at the presentation this upcoming Wednesday! We're also confident that if we had access better hardware, the demos we originally cut could easily be implemented! For now, we've compiled a list of the demos we have done, and those we have planned below: <br/>
* A Music Visualizer
    * This demo features a nifty music visualizer we've developed, which should work with any song provided! It also displays the artist's name, and title!
* Text Display
    * We developed a demo to show off how we display text! You can pick a color, and even make it blink!
* Clock Display
    * We created a clock that shows the current time, in either 12 hour, or 24 hour! We even added a feature to blink the ':' between the hour and minutes, and the ability to change the color as well!
* Stopwatch
    * This demo shows a stopwatch that can be started, stopped, and reset! It should keep track of the hours, minutes, and seconds since started!
* Weather Display
    * Our final demo shows the weather in your current area, as well as a small graphic representing the weather! It also features a manual override, so that all the neat graphics can be viewed!

That's all we have for now, but tune in next week for the final update on the Aurora Fan!